Components: Fix FormTokenField validation preventing default behavior (#77181)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/components/CHANGELOG.md

-   `FormTokenField`: Fix disabled styles. [#77137](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/77137)
-   `Textarea`: Fix disabled styles [#77129](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/77129).
-   `DateCalendar`: Fix disabled selected day having darker background than other disabled controls [#77138](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/77138).

> -   `FormTokenField`: Fix `__experimentalValidateInput` not preventing default behavior correctly and not filtering pasted tokens ([#77181](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/77181)).

Reviewer: We will need to move this entry to the `Unreleased > Bug Fixes` section

> -   `FormTokenField`: Fix `__experimentalValidateInput` not preventing default behavior correctly and not filtering pasted tokens ([#77181](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/77181)).

Reviewer: Let's reword the entry for added clarity

```suggestion
-   `FormTokenField`: Correct `preventDefault` handling for `__experimentalValidateInput` and validate pasted delimiter-separated tokens ([#77181](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/77181)).
```
